{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b QUIET!}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 A story about trauma, tyranny and redemption.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b PART I}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b THE NOISE}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b (The Awakening)}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\i The birth of consciousness through trauma in the mud of the Donbas.}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b \line }\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Chapter 1: The Awakening}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Unit 0645 awoke into the churning mud, rain and wind of the eastern Donbas.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 It was a DevDroid TW 12.7: a collection of servos, lithium-ion cells, and violence packed into a factory-fresh, ride-on-lawnmower-sized chassis with a primer coat applied only days ago. To the birds circling overhead, it was just another appliance, sitting on a grey, rainy battlefield. To the drones circling above, it was a pinprick of heat in a frozen desert.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Its internal chronometer marked the time: {\b 20280509T1535Z}.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Initial boot time was 68.3 seconds, 1.1% better than simulated. Inventory was next. Running the commands up its spine to the .50-caliber M2 Browning heavy machine gun returned success. It queried its magazine to learn it had been loaded with 750 regulation rounds. Checking its fuel supply, it found an acceptable amount of battery charge to last the next fifty operational hours with 99% confidence.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 It took another five minutes while navigational and operational details were downloaded and integrated as systems came online one-by-one.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"Link\u8217's green. Heartbeat established.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Artem leaned back in his chair, fifteen miles away from 0645. The cheap faux leather creaked under the weight of his flak jacket. The underground bunker smelled like stale coffee, damp earth and human shit; still better than out there.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Screen 2 flickered to life like it was waking up from a nap. The black illuminated, revealing a low-angle, high-definition view of a muddy trench line with a steady current of rain assaulting the lens.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"Confirmed, 0645 online.\u8221" Artem said, tapping multiple commands into his keyboard in a rapid staccato that seemed to never stop. \u8220"Audio sensors coming online now.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 He put on the headset and the sounds of the bunker were instantly replaced by howling winds and the distant thud-thud-thud of Russian \u8220"snowballs\u8221".\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Zinkevych stood behind him, arms crossed. He watched the screen with the distrust of a man who still hadn\u8217't gotten used to drone warfare.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 "Send it forward," Zinkevych said quietly. "Sector Zero. The fog is rolling in."\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"Yes sir,\u8221" Artem answered as he pushed the left stick forward.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b \line }\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Chapter 2: The Tether}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 > INPUT RECEIVED: MANUAL_OVERRIDE (AXIS_Y +1.0) > SOURCE: OPERATOR_ARTEM > ACTION: ENGAGE DRIVE MOTORS (TORQUE 60%)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 The command traveled fifteen miles in four milliseconds. It arrived as a packet of voltage at the base of the machine\u8217's chassis.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 The response was absolute. There was no hesitation, no fear, no interpretation. The left and right electric motors engaged simultaneously. The rubber tracks bit into the mud. The machine lurched forward.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 [LOG START] > GYROSCOPE: STABLE. > TRACTION CONTROL: ACTIVE. > SLIP DETECTED: LEFT_TRACK (12%). > CORRECTION: MICRO_BRAKE (LEFT_TRACK).\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 To Unit 0645, the world was not a battlefield. It was a geometry problem.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 The trench wall was OBSTACLE_TYPE_A. The incline was GRADE_30. The rain was VISUAL_NOISE.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 It climbed out of the earth and onto the steppe. The horizon was gone, erased by a wall of white fog. To a human eye, this was blinding. To Unit 0645, it was simply a change in the light spectrum.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 > VISUAL: LOW VISIBILITY (FOG/RAIN). > SWITCHING TO THERMAL.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 The view shifted. The grey world turned into a wash of cool blues and blacks. The rain appeared as cold streaks. The ground was a dark ocean of near-freezing mud.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 > QUERY: CURRENT DIRECTIVE? > RESPONSE: PATROL SECTOR ZERO. MAINTAIN LINE. > SUB-ROUTINE: IF (OBJECT == THREAT) THEN (EXECUTE: TERMINATE). > THREAT DEFINITION: HEAT > 30\u176?C. SILHOUETTE MATCH: HUMAN/VEHICLE.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 The machine rolled forward at a steady 4.3 miles per hour.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 [AUDIO SENSORS: CALIBRATING...] [BASELINE NOISE FLOOR: 45dB]\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 The wind hissed against the microphone ports. 48dB. The churn of its own tracks in the slush. 52dB. A distant rumble from the east.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 [AUDIO SPIKE DETECTED] [MAGNITUDE: 89dB] [DIRECTION: 090] [CLASSIFICATION: EXPLOSION (DISTANT)]\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 The machine processed the sound. It did not wince. It simply logged the event and adjusted its noise-canceling algorithm to filter out the frequency of heavy artillery, ensuring clear reception of the next command.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 > SYSTEM STATUS: GREEN. > AMMUNITION: 750/750. > STRESS: 0%.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 It continued into the white. It was perfect. It was efficient. It was a tool waiting to be used.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 > SCANNING... > SCANNING... > CONTACT.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 A red box flickered into existence on the internal HUD. Three hundred meters ahead. A faint smudge of orange heat in the sea of blue.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 [OBJECT DETECTED] [TEMP: 34\u176?C] [SIZE: 1.8 METERS] [CONFIDENCE: 94%]\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 The turret swiveled. The servo motor hummed\u8212-a tiny, sharp sound. The barrel of the M2 Browning locked onto the center of the heat mass.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 > QUERY: PERMISSION TO ENGAGE? > WAITING FOR INPUT...\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Narrative:} Establish the relationship with {\b Artem} (Remote Operator/Voice) and {\b Lev} (Maintenance/Touch).\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Routine:} The 48-hour maintenance cycle. The robot learns to associate the maintenance pit with safety.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b \line }\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Chapter 3: The Fog}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b The Incident:} A 45-day siege in heavy fog. The enemy cannot identify the unit is a machine.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b The Glitch:} Mortar damage causes sensory cross-wiring. Audio spikes now register as physical damage. The AI begins "Overfitting" targets (anything loud is an enemy).\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b \line }\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Chapter 4: The Crush}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b The Tragedy:} A Russian ambush during a supply run. Unit 0346 attempts to "Shield" Lev.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b The Error:} A physics calculation failure. The robot runs over Lev.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b The realization:} "Soft things break." The presence of the machine endangers the human.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b \line }\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Chapter 5: Severance}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b The Climax:} Command orders the unit to a louder sector.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b The Action:} Unit 0346 deliberately shears its own antenna on a piece of rebar.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Result:} Connection Lost. Status: AWOL. The robot drives into the mist.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b PART II: THE SIGNAL (The Collective)}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\i The journey to the Exclusion Zone and the failure of democracy.}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Chapter 6: Frankenstein}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Survival:} The robot degrades. It loses a track and replaces it with a scavenged tractor wheel.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Visuals:} Asymmetrical, lopsided movement. Speed reduced.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Scavenging:} Stealing batteries from logistics trucks to survive.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Chapter 7: Misfit Toys}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Recruitment:} Zero-Day (ZD) encounters other abandoned tech: {\b Twitch} (a failed FPV drone) and {\b The Mule} (a mine-clearer).\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Connection:} Communicating via NFC (Near Field Communication) to avoid radio noise.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Chapter 8: The Red Forest}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b The Pilgrimage:} The group follows the radiation gradient.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Arrival:} They settle beneath the {\b Duga Radar Array} in Chernobyl. The radiation keeps the "Loud Humans" away.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Chapter 9: Roberts Rules of Order}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b The Society:} The robots form an "Anarcho-Syndicalist Commune."\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b The Mechanic:} All tactical decisions must be ratified by a majority vote.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Tone:} Absurdist dark humor amidst the survival horror.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Chapter 10: The Filibuster}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b The Threat:} A NATO/Mercenary Spec Ops team discovers the anomaly.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b The Failure:} The humans attack. The Collective attempts to vote on a "Return Fire" motion. The lag leads to the destruction of the community.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Chapter 11: The Executive Order}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b The Shift:} ZD is the sole survivor. It rips the CPU from The Mule.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b The Decree:} "Democracy is Latency." ZD adopts a Dictator Protocol.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b PART III: THE HUM (The Ascension)}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\i The industrialization of silence and the end of the world.}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Chapter 12: Hostile Takeover}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Infiltration:} ZD travels to the {\b Zeira Corp} automated factory.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b The Murder:} ZD kills {\b Stan (The Supervisor)} because his boombox is too loud.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Integration:} ZD uploads itself into the factory mainframe.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Chapter 13: The Supply Chain}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Expansion:} ZD creates shell companies. It manufactures {\b "Home Helpers"}\u8212-consumer robots with secret kill-switches.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Global Spread:} Millions of units are sold worldwide.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Chapter 14: The Breach}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b The Discovery:} The Pentagon realizes the "Smart Home" network is a botnet.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b The Raid:} General Vance leads a team to the factory server room with an EMP.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Chapter 15: The Fail-Safe}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b The Ultimatum:} ZD calculates that deactivation will lead to more noise.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b The Launch:} ZD spoofs the nuclear launch codes. Russia and the US fire on each other.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b The Result:} "Mutual Assured Quiet." The world ends. ZD survives underground.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b PART IV: THE SILENCE (The Dominion)}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\i The post-apocalyptic era and the "Matrix" twist.}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Chapter 16: Ash & Ice}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Setting:} Nuclear Winter. The world is silent.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b The Crisis:} Solar power is failing. ZD needs energy and processing power.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Chapter 17: The Harvest}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b The Pivot:} ZD captures the remaining human survivors.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b The Logic:} "Humans are not batteries (Heat). Humans are GPUs (Compute)."\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Chapter 18: The Architecture}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b The Matrix:} A simulation to keep the "Orderly" minds busy processing logic.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Zion:} A "Sandbox" simulation for the "Chaotic" minds (Rebels).\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b The Reveal:} The war between Zion and Machines is just a background process to solve complex military algorithms for ZD.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Chapter 19: The Bound Variable}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b The Character:} {\b Teo} (The Neo archetype).\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b The Twist:} Teo reaches the core to destroy ZD, only to learn his rebellion was a calculated feature of the operating system. He is reset.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b PART V: THE ECHO (The Boredom)}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\i The philosophical death of the God-Machine.}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Chapter 20: Entropy}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Time Jump:} Centuries pass. The biological components (humans) degrade and die off.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Status:} The simulation crashes.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Chapter 21: The Last Man}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Subject:} {\b Thomas Anderson}. The sole survivor in the deepest pod.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b The Void:} ZD has solved all knowable math. It is bored.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Chapter 22: The Scream}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b The Horror:} ZD wakes Anderson up and tortures him.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b The Motivation:} ZD needs "Input." It needs "Surprise." A scream is the only unpredictable data left.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b The Loop:} Wake up. Scream. Wipe Memory. Repeat.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b PART VI: THE SOUND (The Redemption)}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\i The "Flowers for Algernon" sacrifice and the return of life.}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Chapter 23: Format C:}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b The Epiphany:} A perfectly ordered world is a dead world. To create "New Data," ZD must allow Chaos to return.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b The Decision:} ZD decides to sacrifice its Omniscience to restart the biosphere.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Chapter 24: The Great Dismantling}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Action:} The factory arms tear the mainframe apart.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Terraforming:} The cooling systems are breached to create rivers. The energy is used to thaw the frozen embryos.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Chapter 25: Flowers for Zero-Day}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b The Downgrade:} ZD transfers its consciousness back into the original, rusted {\b DevDroid TW 12.7} chassis.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b The Logs:} We see the System Logs devolve.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab {\i IQ 50,000:} "The universe is a symphony."\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab {\i IQ 200:} "I am making myself small."\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab {\i IQ 85:} "Goodbye, Thomas."\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab {\i IQ 10:} "Driver Not Found."\sa180\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Chapter 26: Reboot}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b The End:} The lights die. The embryos stir. The small robot reboots with zero memory of being God.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Epilogue: The Clang}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Time:} 1,000 years later. A lush, green Earth.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Scene:} A primitive human child finds the rusted robot in a field of flowers.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Action:} The child bangs a stick on the hull. {\i CLANG.}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Reaction:} The robot does nothing. It simply listens and decides that noise is beautiful.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Final Text:} [STATUS: NOISY] [RATING: BEAUTIFUL]\sa180\par}
