{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 The candle flickers, soft and bright,\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Upon this perfect, fancy night.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 He speaks of jazz, of art, of books,\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 And gives me tender, longing looks.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 I smile and nod, I play my part,\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 But terror grips my very heart.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 For deep within, a storm gets brewing,\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 A consequence of reckless chewing.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 The brie was rich, the bread was thick,\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 And now the clock begins to tick.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 A bubble forms, expanding fast,\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 A ghost of dinners from the past.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 It travels down seeking the door,\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 A pressure never felt before.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 I shift my weight, I squeeze my thighs,\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 gazing deep into his eyes.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 If I should slip, if I should sneer,\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 The acoustic consequences are clear.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 A trumpet blast? A squeaky shoe?\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Or silent heat to fill the room?\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 He leans in close to steal a kiss,\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Unaware of the abyss,\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 The volatile and gaseous state,\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 That threatens to dissolve our date.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 "Excuse me," I whisper, pale and weak,\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 And rise before the seal can leak.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 I am a statue, carved of stone,\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 I\u8217've clenched so hard I\u8217've fused the bone.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 My muscles lock in desperate fear,\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 To ensure that nothing exits here.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 The anatomy has ceased to be;\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 There is no rear attached to me.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 A singular seal, a seamless part\u8212-\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 I have no butt, and I must fart.\par}
