{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 The first warning something was wrong was the clear blue sky cracking open like old blue glass. The second was the heavy trumpet fanfare. Not metaphorical trumpets. Real ones. Six of them, hanging in the air in a golden semicircle, blowing a note so bright and triumphant that several pigeons fell off a nearby roof. Then came the column of green fire, then a plume of perfumed smoke, then rotating rings of rubies the size of apples, and finally, with all the ceremony of a coronation and the restraint of a parade crashing through the middle of an ongoing wedding, the Magnificent Genie of the Lamp appeared.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Enormous was an understatement. Its turban was a palace dome. Mustaches curled like rams\u8217' horns. Beard braided with coins, pearls, and innumerable tiny silver bells. His robe contained at least three sunsets, two thunderstorms, and a complete atlas of stars. He hovered above the alley on a spiral of sapphire wind, arms spread wide enough to embrace history.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"I,\u8221" he thundered, \u8220"am Qasr al-Qamar, Ninth Wonder of the Smokeless Flame, Keeper of the Forty-Thousand Jeweled Thresholds, Grand Vizier of the Impossible, Conqueror of the Ivory Eclipse, Most Magnificent Genie of the Lamp!\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Then he narrowed his eyes and peered downward.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"Who,\u8221" he boomed, "disturbs my slumber?\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Lila Moreau jumped.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 She worked six days a week mending watches in a shop so small that customers had to breathe sideways to enter. She had found the lamp in a box of junk purchased at an estate sale: cracked clocks, bent spoons, a broken sextant, and one heavy dented oil lamp, brass by the looks of it, blackened by age and use.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Lila looked from the lamp to Qasr and back again.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"I\u8217'm Lila,\u8221" she said. \u8220"You\u8217're a\u8230? genie?\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 He drew himself up to an impossible height, lightning stitching his silhouette.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"Do mountains rise? Do oceans dream? Does destiny thunder?\u8221" He slapped his chest twice.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Lila considered that.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"Okay\u8230?\u8221" she said. \u8220"So\u8230? wishes?\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 His flashed a smile as white and wide as a scimitar.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"I grant three.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 A church bell rang somewhere in the city. A dog barked. The trumpets, apparently feeling left out, delivered a brief but uninspired flourish.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Lila had not expected her day to improve in any meaningful way before this. Her landlord had raised the rent, her best loupe had cracked, and the boiler in her apartment had begun producing sounds that would make a dying animal jealous. But now she had a genie, apparently. Qasr floated above the stack of wooden crates, waiting with a demure professionalism.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 She was sensible enough to be suspicious.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"There are rules, right?\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"There are A LOT of rules,\u8221" said Qasr al-Qamar. \u8220"No raising the dead. No forcing love. No undoing another\u8217's free will. No wishing for more wishes, no wishing for alterations to the wish structure, no recursive loopholes, no cleverly phrased annexes, codicils, or interpretive addenda. Also, for reasons tedious and ancient, I cannot create an edible pastry containing its own legal explanation.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"That last one feels specific.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"Terrible century, let me tell you.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Lila nodded slowly. \u8220"And the catch?\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 At this the genie\u8217's expression altered in a way she would later learn meant embarrassment attempting to disguise itself as grandeur.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"There is,\u8221" he admitted, \u8220"one additional condition.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"Of course there is.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 He cleared his throat. The sky dimmed politely.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"My powers,\u8221" he said, \u8220"are vast beyond the telling before the wish, and vast beyond the telling after the wish.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"Uh-huh.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"During the wish,\u8221" he continued, \u8220"they are\u8230? unavailable.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Lila stared at him.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"unavailable?\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"I mean,\u8221" he said, with growing reluctance, \u8220"that when an actual wish is invoked and in the active process of being granted, I am not permitted to use magic.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Silence took a seat between them.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 One of the pigeons, having recovered, returned to the roof and made a doubtful noise.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Lila said, \u8220"So you\u8217're a genie who can\u8217't grant wishes? You can\u8217't use magic?\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 He raised one finger. \u8220"Only during the granting itself.\u8221" Qasr al-Qamar folded his arms, bells in his beard giving a prickly little jingle. \u8220"The covenant is quite ancient.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"Who made a covenant like that?\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 The genie gave a cosmic sigh which caused rose petals to whirl out of nowhere and then awkwardly settle in a rain gutter.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"You must understand,\u8221" he said. \u8220"Outside the terms of a wish, I can summon monsoons, converse with comets, polish the moon, turn armies into biographies, weave palaces from moonlight\u8212-\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"But if I wish for a palace?\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"Then I must source labor, draft plans, acquire materials, pay bribes, deal with permits, negotiate with stonecutters, and likely form some kind of long term holding company.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Lila leaned against the alley wall and laughed so hard she nearly dropped the lamp.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 To his credit, Qasr al-Qamar waited with dignity while she recovered.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"That,\u8221" she said at last, wiping her eyes, \u8220"is the funniest thing I\u8217've ever heard.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"It is not funny,\u8221" said the genie. \u8220"It is a sacred burden.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"It is extremely funny.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"It is actually quite majestic.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"It is majestic in a funny way.\u8221" Lila turned the lamp in her hands. \u8220"So what happens if I make a wish?\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"I am bound to fulfill it.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"How?\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"By whatever non-magical means are available to me while the wish remains in force.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"And after?\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"Once fulfilled, magic resumes.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Lila thought about this. Watches were similar. They responded to patient intensity. She was clever, but not more clever than the universe. She thrived in the patient trades: balance wheels, springs, pinions, tiny screws that vanished forever if you thought about them too hard. She understood fragile mechanisms. The genie, she suspected, was one.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"All right,\u8221" she said. \u8220"Let\u8217's test it. Small wish.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 The genie straightened. Jewels brightened. \u8220"Proceed! O\u8217' Master of the Lamp.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Lila considered many things. Gold. Security. A warm apartment. Rent for a year. Health. Time. Freedom from worry. But the alley was cold, and she mistrusted large-scale experiments.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"I wish,\u8221" she said, \u8220"for a ham sandwich.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 The universe inhaled.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 A golden number appeared in the sky: 1\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 The genie jerked as if someone had unplugged the stars and all the grand effects vanished at once. No wind, no fire, no rubies, no trumpets. He dropped three feet, landed with a grunt, and stared at his empty hands.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"Well,\u8221" he said.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Lila looked around. \u8220"That\u8217's it?\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"That,\u8221" he said grimly, \u8220"is it.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 He was still large, but now more materially large, like a stage actor after the show. The shimmer had left his robe. His beard bells no longer rang dramatically; they just tinkled when he moved. He patted himself down, found nothing sandwich-adjacent, and muttered something in a language that sounded like rugs being unrolled.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"What are you doing?\u8221" Lila asked.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"Granting the wish.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"By?\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"Acquisition.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 He strode from the alley.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Lila hurried after him, lamp tucked under one arm.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 They crossed two streets and entered a corner deli where a man in an apron was arranging tomatoes with the solemnity of a nascent religious practice. He looked up as the gigantic turbaned figure entered and froze, one tomato in hand.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Qasr al-Qamar approached the counter.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"Good shopkeeper,\u8221" he said. \u8220"I require a single sandwich with your best pork.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 The deli owner blinked. \u8220"On what?\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"On success,\u8221" said the genie.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"No, I mean white, rye, wheat\u8212-\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"Ah.\u8221" The genie glanced helplessly at Lila.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"Rye,\u8221" she said.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"With mustard?\u8221" asked the owner.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 The genie turned again.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"Yes,\u8221" said Lila.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 The owner assembled the sandwich slowly, keeping one eye on the genie at all times. When he named the price, Qasr al-Qamar reached into his sleeves, his sash, inside his collar, under one enormous jeweled cuff, and eventually produced a moth, a brass button, seventeen saffron threads, and the clasp from what was once the most expensive jeweled crown in the world.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"I don\u8217't have money,\u8221" he said.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"You don\u8217't have money,\u8221" echoed Lila.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 The deli owner folded his arms. \u8220"Then you don\u8217't have a sandwich.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Qasr al-Qamar closed his eyes. \u8220"This humiliation,\u8221" he said softly, \u8220"is older than empires.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Lila paid the eleven dollars and twenty-four cents.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Outside, the genie handed her the wrapped sandwich and with ceremony bordering on tragedy the golden number one reappeared overhead with a nice little check mark beside it.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 At once the air exploded with emerald radiance. Trumpets resumed. The genie surged upward to an impossible height on a cyclone of peacock-colored smoke, somehow more magnificent than before.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"You see?\u8221" he cried. \u8220"The covenant is satisfied!\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Lila stared at the sandwich.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"I spent my first wish on lunch.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"A grand universal transaction has occurred: You wished and I have made it so!\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"I paid.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"You participated.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 She heard a dry chuckle leave her mouth.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 The genie settled a few feet lower. \u8220"It does count,\u8221" he said, less grandly.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"Oh, I know.\u8221" Lila took a bite and chewed thoughtfully. \u8220"Actually, it tells me quite a bit.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 His eyes narrowed. Qasr al-Qamar had spent centuries with kings, thieves, scholars, sailors, and once an unusually devious shepherd. He recognized a schemer when he saw one. \u8220"Be cautious,\u8221" he said. \u8220"Several of your culture\u8217's legends' origins are due to the multitudes that have tried to outwit the covenant of the lamp.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"Did any succeed?\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Qasr boomed with a thundering laugh. \u8220"Define success.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"Did any of them actually get what they wanted?\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 He considered. \u8220"The closest ended up with twenty-seven llamas, a minor principality, a mild case of herpes and a much deeper appreciation of the difficulties of global supply chain logistics.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"So no.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 He looked annoyed.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Lila took the lamp home.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Her apartment was above the watch shop, up three flights of stairs that argued Marx with you every time you ascended. The ceiling leaked when it rained, the radiators banged like insulted ghosts, and the wallpaper had begun peeling in long curls that resembled maps of countries no one wanted to invade. Qasr al-Qamar, restored to his full supernatural splendor, outside the terms of any active wish, drifted through the rooms in a spectacularly offended fascination.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"You live {\i here}?\u8221" he said.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"I do.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"This would not satisfy even a low-quality baron.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"Eh.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 The genie floated in front of the boiler and placed one hand near it. Instantly the rust flaked away, the pipes straightened, and the whole contraption shivered itself into gleaming, purring competence.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Lila whirled. \u8220"I didn\u8217't wish for that.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"You did not.\u8221" He moved to the window. Cracks sealed themselves. Drafts vanished. The frame polished into oak dark as honey. \u8220"I am not granting a wish.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 He passed through the rooms like weather. Mold retreated. A missing tile reappeared in the bathroom. The bent lamp by her bed straightened and acquired a soft amber shade. He touched the ceiling and the leak was never there.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Lila stood still. \u8220"You can just do this?\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"I can do vastly more than this,\u8221" chuckled Qasr al-Qamar. \u8220"So long as it is not the direct fulfillment of an invoked wish.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 She sat on the edge of her bed. \u8220"That is the stupidest rule I\u8217've ever heard.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"Yes,\u8221" he said, sad.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 He might have vanished back into the lamp then and left the matter at that, but Lila looked lonely in the way only another lonely person recognizes. Also, the genie had repaired her boiler without being asked. These are persuasive qualities.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"Tea?\u8221" she offered.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Qasr al-Qamar blinked.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"I\u8217'm asking! Do genies drink tea?\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"Only the good ones.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 They sat at her narrow table by the window: Lila with a chipped blue mug, Qasr al-Qamar with a teacup he conjured before she could stop him. Outside, rain began ticking against the glass. Inside, the apartment held warmth for the first time in months.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"What would you wish for,\u8221" Lila asked after a while, \u8220"if you could?\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 The genie stared into his tea.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 He leaned back, cup cradled in both immense hands. \u8220"Freedom is the vulgar answer.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"Is it wrong?\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"No. Merely common.\u8221" He smiled without showing teeth. \u8220"But if I am to be honest, I would wish to grant a wish properly. Just once. Fire, thunder, causality folded like silk. None of this procurement.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Lila nodded. \u8220"You want to be good at the thing you\u8217're for.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 He looked at her sharply before answering. \u8220"Yes,\u8221" he said.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 After that, he stayed.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Not all the time. Sometimes he vanished into smoke to attend to obscure obligations, or argue with weather systems, or haunt antique mirrors for reasons he refused to explain. But he returned often. He fixed things in the apartment and the shop, though never so directly as to violate the covenant. He could not, for example, make customers appear in answer to her unspoken hopes. But he could brighten the brass sign out front so it caught the afternoon sun just right. He could send a favorable breeze carrying the scent of clock oil and cedar into the street. He could, entirely unrelated to any specific wish, whisper into the dreams of a retired railway engineer that his grandfather\u8217's watch needed mending at precisely Lila\u8217's address.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Business improved.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Three months later Lila had not used her second wish, and the genie had become somehow part of the architecture of her days. He sat on the shop counter reading eighteenth-century legal codes, laughing and pointing at them. He offered devastating commentary on customer manners. He magnified tiny gears with pinches of harmless starlight. He knew the true names of metals, the gossip of tides, and seventeen-hundred-thirty-seven recipes for lentil soup. He was vain, easily injured, theatrically eloquent, and unabashedly kind.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Which was why, when trouble came, Lila did not think of it first as trouble. It was a man in a charcoal coat with a silver-headed cane. He arrived near closing time on a Thursday just when the late light was turning purple. He examined the shop with the expression of someone forced by law to visit a museum of spoons. He was perhaps fifty, played eighty, severe like a building fire, and when he smiled it looked like a receipt.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"Miss Moreau,\u8221" he said dryly. \u8220"I represent Veylock Properties.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Lila didn\u8217't look up and instead kept working on the clock in front of her. \u8220"Congratulations.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 He did not enjoy that.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"You are behind on your revised rent schedule.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"Its been three days.\u8221" her voice didn\u8217't rise.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"You are in breach.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"I\u8217'm catching up.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"You are inadequate collateral for delay.\u8221" He set a folded paper on the counter. \u8220"You will vacate within thirty days.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Lila\u8217's hands didn\u8217't stop.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 From the back room there came the faint jingle of beard bells.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 He tapped the paper twice in rapid succession. \u8220"One month.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 When he left, the shop seemed smaller.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Qasr al-Qamar emerged from the back room like a storm remembering the good ol\u8217' days.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"I could turn his bones into candlesticks,\u8221" he said.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"Legally?\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"Almost.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Lila sank onto her stool. The paper trembled in her hand. The building housed both the shop and her apartment. Lose one and she lost both. She had some savings now, more than before, but not enough to buy time from those bloodsuckers.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"He means to renovate,\u8221" Qasr finally said. \u8220"He means to triple the rents and fill this street with boutiques selling artisanal perfumed soaps.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"That\u8217's specific.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"I have seen cities die this way.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Lila folded the notice carefully. \u8220"I could make a wish.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 The genie tilted its head slightly. \u8220"For money?\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"Maybe.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 He looked away. \u8220"How much?\u8221" he asked.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Lila named the sum needed to secure the building if she moved fast enough and the owner proved vulnerable to greed, which owners often do.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Qasr al-Qamar said nothing for a long moment as he seemed to be searching the cosmos.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Then: \u8220"I can do it.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"Non-magically?\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"Do not sound so delighted.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"I\u8217'm not delighted.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 He paced the shop, robe muttering around his ankles.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Finally he said, \u8220"What precisely would you wish?\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Lila had learned from the sandwich. Precision mattered less than structure.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 She stood.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"I wish,\u8221" she said slowly, \u8220"for enough lawful money to buy this building outright, free and clear, with all fees and taxes paid, placed under my sole ownership.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Again a golden number burned into the sky outside: 2.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 And the genie shuddered for the second time. Magic fell off him like a cloak dropped in haste as he again became merely an immense, overdressed, and alarmingly tangible guy.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"Right,\u8221" he coughed. \u8220"No magic. Lawful. Fees and taxes included. Sole ownership. Clear title.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"Can you do it?\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 He bared his teeth.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"My dear Lila,\u8221" he said, \u8220"I am before-and-after magnificent. During, I am industrious.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 What followed became, in later years, one of her favorite stories to tell and nearly impossible for anyone to believe.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Qasr al-Qamar sold his jewels first.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Not the magical ones. Those snapped back into irrelevance when detached from his person. But certain ornaments, ancient and materially real, had accumulated over centuries: emerald cuff-links from a dethroned prince, a ruby broach won in a card game with a sea-king, three opals obtained during an unfortunate opera-related misunderstanding. He fenced none of them, because, as he said, \u8220"I will not have my legend discounted.\u8221" He went instead to a discreet auction house, where his sheer confidence easily overcame the staff\u8217's many questions.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Then he leveraged his knowledge.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 A genie cannot use magic during a wish, but he may still remember everything he knows. Qasr al-Qamar knew where a lost cache of negotiable bonds had been hidden in 1911 behind a false wall in a theater cellar now used for improv comedy. He knew which collector had spent twenty years searching for a specific astrolabe currently miscataloged in a maritime warehouse in Newark. He knew the full original text of a treaty whose missing clause would settle an inheritance dispute worth a fortune if produced before arbitration closed on Monday.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 It was appallingly competent.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 For six days they did not sleep.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Lila skipped work. She drove everywhere because the genie refused to learn; He considered traffic lights a \u8220"petty tyranny.\u8221" They met archivists, brokers, heirs, lawyers, appraisers, one retired forger who had repented into respectable typography, and a woman named Denise who ran a document retrieval service out of a laundromat and asked precisely zero questions.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 The genie, deprived of magic, somehow had become more formidable. He could not conjure, so he persuaded. He could not compel, so he understood. He knew how greed liked to be greeted, how vanity liked to be seated, how bureaucracy liked its forms flattened and its officials flattered. He strode into rooms and made people feel they had been awaiting him for years.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Occasionally he failed: A deal collapsed, a courier lied, a banker attempted to improve terms. Qasr al-Qamar took each insult very personally and used the resulting energy as fuel.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 By the seventh day they had most of the sum, but not all. Night had fallen. Rain silvered the street outside the shop. The deadline for the building sale was nine the next morning.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Lila sat at the counter amid paper towers and cold coffee.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"We\u8217're short,\u8221" she said, exhausted.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 The genie stood by the window, hands clasped behind him.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"Yes.\u8221" He named the number. It was not impossible. It was worse: possible only for people whose lives already contained such numbers.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Lila laughed once, without humor. \u8220"So that\u8217's it.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"No.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 She looked up. \u8220"You have another angle?\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 He turned, and for the first time since she had known him, he seemed stripped of not magic but theater.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"I have the lamp,\u8221" he said.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 She stared. \u8220"What?\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"It is old. Powerful. Desirable. There are collectors of enchanted objects, scholars of binding craft, institutions with locked vaults and bad ethics. I know three buyers.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"You can sell the lamp?\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"I can sell anything.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"But then\u8212-\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"Yes,\u8221" he said.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 The lamp sat on the shelf above the register, dull brass reflecting the rain-streaked lights. She had never really thought of it as an object apart from him. It was just how he arrived, how he left, the strange hinge of this new life. Sell it, and he would go with it. Not by magic; by contract. Lamps, like houses, obey possession.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"That\u8217's not happening,\u8221" she said.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"It is sufficient.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"No.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"It fulfills the wish.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"I don\u8217't care.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 He smiled sadly. \u8220"The covenant does.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Lila stood so fast her stool hit the floor.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"I wish for money, not for you to disappear into some billionaire\u8217's vault.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"That is cosmically irrelevant.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"Then cosmic law can choke.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"Lila.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"No.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 He stepped closer. Without magic he had weight, breath, tiredness around the eyes. \u8220"You made the wish.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"And I\u8217'm telling you not to do it.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"It is not permitted to revoke an active wish.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"Then I\u8217'm amending it.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"It is not permitted to amend an active wish.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 She hated that he was right.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Rain tapped the window harder.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 The genie looked at the lamp, then back at her. \u8220"I am what I am.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"No,\u8221" said Lila, and now her voice shook. \u8220"You are what you are before and after, remember? You told me. During is just the ugly middle.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 And a gear found its true tooth. He laughed, softly at first, then harder, bending at the waist, beard bells shaking.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"What?\u8221" she demanded.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 He straightened, still smiling. \u8220"The loophole,\u8221" he said.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"There isn\u8217't one.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"There is, and it is idiotic, which is the preferred architecture of fate.\u8221" He seized the notice, the contracts, the stack of financial papers. \u8220"Your wish binds me to procure lawful money sufficient for purchase. It does not bind me to procure it by alienating the lamp if there remains any non-magical method whatsoever.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"We don\u8217't have another method.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 He flashed the old, dangerous smile. \u8220"No magical method.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Before she could ask what he meant, he grabbed the lamp, thrust it into her hands, and said, \u8220"Do not wish. Not a syllable.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Then he vanished.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Not in a puff of smoke. He sprinted. Down the stairs, out into the rain, enormous flowing robe hitched in both hands, a furious duke late for war. Lila reached the corner in time to see him plunge into the street toward Veylock Properties\u8217' office across the square. The story later describes what followed as \u8220"the event.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Qasr al-Qamar, still under wish-binding and therefore fully non-magical, marched into the office, demanded to see Mr. Veylock himself, and when denied, stood in the exact center of the lobby and began reciting, from memory, the complete documented history of every unlawful coercive acquisition made by the company or its subsidiaries over the last twenty-three years.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Names. Dates. shell corporations. altered inspection reports. side payments. forged accessibility exemptions. bribed assessors. Not one supernatural revelation among them; all things he had learned the hard way while existing adjacent to human greed for centuries. He recited loudly. Secretaries froze. Tenants in the building above came downstairs. A local reporter, tipped off by Denise from the laundromat, because apparently everyone had chosen a side, arrived with a camera.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 By midnight Veylock himself had come down.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 By one he was sweating.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 At five thirty, cornered not by sorcery but by exposure, liability, and the sudden appearance of three former plaintiffs with renewed interest, he agreed to sell the building at a price that converted his disgrace into liquidity.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 At eight forty-seven, in the office of an exhausted attorney who kept staring at Qasr al-Qamar\u8217's turban as though it might become a class-action suit, the sale closed.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 The remaining shortfall was covered by a same-morning consortium of neighborhood merchants who, it turned out, preferred a watchmaker and her inexplicable giant friend to artisanal soap. Loans were signed. Fees and taxes were paid.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 The final paper slid across the desk.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Lila signed.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 A golden number two burst into the rain-bright morning sky outside the office windows with a brilliant checkmark next to it.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 And the city rang.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Windows blazed with reflected green fire. Thunder unfurled in a cloudless band above the rooftops. Trumpets shook pigeons from every ledge in three blocks. Qasr al-Qamar rose into the air in a torrent of gold and blue and impossible music, more radiant than the day she had first seen him.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 He descended slowly until he hovered eye-level with her in the attorney\u8217's office. The lawyer fainted. This did not diminish the moment.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Months later, the building had a new roof, fair rents upstairs, and a lease policy written by Lila with input from six tenants, one neighborhood grocer, and a genie who held militant opinions on the importance of continued boiler maintenance. The watch shop expanded into the adjacent unit and business was good. The lamp sat on a shelf near the back, polished now, not hidden.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Lila still had one wish left. She did not use it quickly.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 This astonished Qasr al-Qamar, who had known emperors unable to wait through dessert. But she said a final wish should be either necessary or beautiful, and she was in no hurry to decide which.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 One evening in early autumn, with the windows open and the city breathing below, they sat in the shop after closing. The clocks ticked around them like a hundred small approvals.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"Have you chosen?\u8221" the genie asked off-handedly.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"No. Not yet.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 He nodded. \u8220"Good.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Outside, the streetlights came on one by one, as if someone were making very careful wishes.\par}
