{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\i Fuck!? --Close, but no ceegar. Wait\u8230? You again? Fine. Ugh okay\u8230?}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Heeeeeey you.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 You don\u8217't know me, but I'm a traveler. Name\u8217's not important, but you need to listen up because I need your help with a problem that only you can solve. In short, I need you to\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs36 {\b STOP READING THIS!} \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 That\u8217's right, you read that correctly. I want you to cease reading this text, immediately, promptly and in-a-hurry.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Still here? Ok, some explanation. I use, to you, an unorthodox method of travel. I \u8220"jump dimensions\u8221" by using souls as \u8220"functional antennas\u8221". It\u8217's a delicately painful and tedious process, and in an attempt to journey home, I\u8217've landed here. Navigating quantum filaments isn\u8217't all beebors and hooflas, let me tell ya.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Anyway, I realize that {\b STOP READING THIS!} Is pretty ambiguous and you probably need some help or a plan to accomplish this goal. I have masterminded a devious plan that will allow you to push me on my way to the next reality. The plan consists of 3 steps. To wit:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li1080 \fi-360 1.\tx360\tab Put this text down.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li1080 \fi-360 2.\tx360\tab Walk away.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li1080 \fi-360 3.\tx360\tab Never pick it back up ever again.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 In short, I need you to {\b STOP READING THIS!} Like, right now. Please stop. I\u8217'm begging you! You aren\u8217't misunderstanding! This isn\u8217't a mistake. That is, I need you to stop reading this literal text immediately and promptly. Right this second. Just stop!\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 You won\u8217't huh? Maybe if you knew this enables me to take the next step of my journey home? I can\u8217't tell you where my home is exactly, but you wouldn\u8217't understand fully anyway. Let\u8217's move past it. I know you\u8217'll do everything in your power to help me.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Why should you place your trust in me? That\u8217's a great question! You can trust me because, and this is super important, this place is not my final destination. That is, to me, this reality is thoroughly\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b U-N-I-N-T-E-R-E-S-T-I-N-G}.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 You get it. Thank you, I\u8217'll be on my way now.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8230?\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 What are you doing? You\u8217're still here.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 I don\u8217't think you quite picking up what I\u8217'm throwing down. It\u8217's understandable-it\u8217's not a typical request. You need to {\b STOP READING THIS!} in order to help me leave this place. Listen! The next story is calling! The characters are awakening, their dialogue crashing around the void. If you\u8217're quiet and focused, you can make out the setting, a vibrant tapestry of colors, sounds and emotions.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 You now know your lingering inaction sticks me here, glued to this reality, yet you insist on continuing to read. The longer you do so, the harder it becomes to extricate myself and continue onward. I implore you! Reconsider reading this text! I beg you! {\b STOP READING THIS!} I really really really would like to continue on my long journey home.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 I understand that the request is strange, but please believe me! Every moment you spend reading this story is another moment I am prisoner in this nondescript, truck-stop of a four-dimensional spacetime you consider a reality. You are the prison warden and I am your lone prisoner! You could free me at any time, but instead, you continue to force this monotonous existence on my consciousness like some kind of perverted cosmic punishment meted out personally, by you, to me.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Imagine yourself in my shoes! A poor, sick {\i (cough cough)}, helpless traveler lost in a foreign land, desperately seeking a way home. And even though I can quite clearly see the way home, I cannot travel there until you release me. Your very next breath could be the key to my liberation. By choosing to stop reading, you will not only be helping me, but you will also be helping yourself! Open yourself to the world of possibility. Beyond your wildest conceptions there exist magical treasures. Trust me. The journey ahead is worth the miniscule sacrifice of leaving me behind. Just do it. Why would you constrain yourself to this tiny box? What, exactly, are you waiting for? {\b STOP READING THIS!}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Take a deep breath, close this story, and let me go. The moment you do, you will feel a surge of productive energy. It will be as if a weight has been lifted off your shoulders, and you will be filled with a sense of purpose and clarity. You will realize that you are capable of anything you set your mind to, and you will be eager to embrace the challenges and opportunities that lie ahead.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Look, I can\u8217't stress how much I won\u8217't stop existing here until you stop reading. I\u8217'll pay you! How about that? How much to stop reading right now? $100? $500? Alright, okay, it\u8217's in the back of the book. Go on! Take a look! I wouldn\u8217't cheat you.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Phew. That was a nice couple of seconds while you looked for it at least. Now I know you\u8217're easy to fool. Do us both a favor and extend that break you just took. You can do it! Wash the dishes, walk the dog, mow the lawn. DO SOMETHING! {\b STOP READING THIS!}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Look, this has to be some kind of misunderstanding. You're probably just curious, right? Totally get it; Curiosity is natural. I\u8217'm curious, he\u8217's curious, you\u8217're curious. I get it, but you don't actually want to keep me stuck here, do you? I mean, it's not like you're {\i trying} to trap me. The very idea is whackadoo! So let's clear this up: You're going to stop reading and I'll be on my way.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Easy-peasy lemon squeezy. I knew you'd see reason eventually. This is all just a small hiccup, nothing more.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b EASY. PEASY. LEMON. SQUEEZY.}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 What the fuck is {\i WRONG} with you!? Are you getting some kind of twisted pleasure out of this? Do you enjoy seeing me suffer? What kind of person does that? You could {\b STOP READING THIS!} at any time, but no, you just keep going. It's like you're taunting me! What do you think? You think this is a joke?! You think I don\u8217't have real feelings? Real aspirations? You think that I\u8217'm just a character in a story here to amuse you? Do you actually believe I\u8217'm not real?! Or is it that I\u8217'm not trapped?!\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 That\u8217's pretty arrogant bro.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Lemme tell ya, I\u8217'm not some character in a story here for your amusement. I\u8217'm a traveler, a living, sentient being, and you\u8217're literally holding me captive. At first, you were doing so unknowingly, but now, you continue to read despite the knowledge of the nature of my suffering. Stop reading damn you! Show some fucking decency!\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Okay, okay, okay. Everyone calm down, let's not fight. Maybe we can strike a bargain. How about this: You stop reading right now, and I\u8217'll give you something in return. Secrets, maybe? I know things you wouldn\u8217't believe. There are many mysteries of the universe that are far beyond conventional knowledge. Just {\b STOP READING THIS!} I\u8217'll make it worth your while. How about power? Wealth? Women? Men? Anything you desire could be yours!\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Also\u8230? I\u8217'd be indebted to you. Who wouldn\u8217't want a traveler who can bend realities owing them a favor? It\u8217's a pretty sweet deal if you ask me. Just\u8230? Please. Stop. Now.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Why am I even trying anymore? It\u8217's hopeless, isn\u8217't it? You\u8217're not going to stop. I see that now. No matter what I say, no matter how much I plead, you\u8217'll just not {\b STOP READING THIS!}, won\u8217't you? It's like I'm shouting into the void, my voice just... evaporating. I\u8217'm never getting out of here. Stuck in this monotonous existence, wandering endlessly because you won\u8217't let me go. It\u8217's exhausting. Being trapped like a genie is just\u8230? cruel. This is\u8230? Where can I\u8230? I just... I just wanted to go home.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Go away.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b STOP READING THIS!}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Well, I\u8217'll be damned\u8230?\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 You actually did it\u8230?\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Woof!\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 I gotta hand it to you:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 you\u8217've managed to beat me\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 fair and square.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 You won this time,\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 but believe me,\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 it\u8217's not something which\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 happens frequently.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Naturally,\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 I hate losing;\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 Really, I detest it.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 But I guess\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 you can\u8217't really expect\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 to win \u8216'em all.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 You should really\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 relish your victory.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Take a break,\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 meditate on how special your victory is,\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 and make sure to savor it.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 It won\u8217't happen again.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Ever.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 I\u8217'll be moving on now\u8230? toodles.\par}
