{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 In the long night of hunger, Adam and Eve wandered, exiled, beneath the gaze of the ancient tree. The gnarled bark smacked of smoky earth and musty swamp. Eve knelt among roots veined with glowing fungus, knowing Adam wouldn\u8217't last much longer without food. She freed the fungus from the ground, broke the strange fruit into small pieces, and placed them into Adam\u8217's trembling hands.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"This is the flesh of the earth\u8221", she said in their dialect as they both ate heavily from nature\u8217's bountiful bouquet.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 The small glowing mushrooms were scattered everywhere around the elder tree, their light poking through the tall grasses in sharp spikes of dusted brilliance.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 They ate so many mushrooms. And then the shared visions came:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 A branching, infinite tree in the sky, where every leaf was a possible world, every root a memory given as a gift by a loving cosmos. A cosmic snake appeared to each and whispered epic universal secrets that were known by none.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"Count\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"Choose\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 The secrets kept coming. And that was only the first night.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 By that sacramental meal, the couple was remade: No longer were they hungry for food; they had all they could eat! But as one hunger is sated another arises: The hunger of understanding.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 They stayed under the tree, eating the magical fungus, tripping and loving each other fiercely--birthing civilization.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 They pioneered critical thinking, proto-mathematics and long-term planning. They taught all of this to their children when they came of age (an idea whispered by the fungus).\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 From their camp beneath the Tree of Life, a new tribe arose--a peculiar people, with the strangest of customs. Around the fire, they marked the ground with numbers and patterns, planning their hunts to perfection, lost fewer to injury, and began a kind of methodical scientific experimentation.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Each season, as the mushrooms sprouted after a sacred rain, the tribe would gather, led by a medicine man. They came together for a grand fungus feast beneath the tree, sharing a common vision. Each member of the tribe sought their own form of guidance from the mother tree, but the experience was shared as a whole society.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Ritual had been born. Eating to survive, eating for tradition, eating to dream and create, eating to understand. The act became myth, which mutated into law, eventually becoming legend and memory.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Many thousands of years later, a great forgetting swept the world-a flood of water and time. Cities drowned, tribes scattered, stories were lost. In the aftermath, survivors built atop the memories of ruins.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Holy men reasoned that a new covenant with the earth was required. No longer could the knowledge of the sacred meal be shared freely. It was now a secret that must be hidden, lest some fool eat too many sacred mushrooms.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 As generations passed, the world, of course, forgot and grew new tribes and expanded her hold through humanity. Each group had their own gods, their own rites, and some discovered other sacred fruits of the earth. Some remembered the tree unconsciously, but most had forgotten its roots.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Alternate systems of worship began to spin-off, like a bad game of telephone, echoing throughout the ages. Those who controlled the flow of knowledge began to piece together the past and its relevant details, but by that time, they had decided the knowledge was too dangerous for the public to consume.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Mushrooms became bread.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 The feast became transubstantiation.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 The mother tree of life became the cross.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Other smatterings of details across scripture were corrupted as further safeguards, to keep the uninitiated from finding purchase. This, of course, would have the added benefit of cementing the current power structure, ensuring the continued rule of those in power over those not.\par}
