{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Introduction\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 That night was long. Lying in a tepid puddle of my own sweat and checking the time every five minutes was making me crazy. Somehow I\u8217'm cold but still dripping with yellowing perspiration; it\u8217's running off me and pooling into the seams of the bare rubber mattress. Anxiety taps at my sanity like a dog that doesn\u8217't realize it\u8217's ripping a door apart just trying to get to the other side. Repeated, small dings at my consciousness remind me constantly that sleep won\u8217't come. I pray for death.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 A pair of headlights streams rudely through the open window as the summer air delivers an aroma of oil-heavy car exhaust into the still room. The echo of the old auto cuts off as the crickets reclaim their summer night symphony. After some difficulty, a stranger\u8217's silhouette appears from the car, his face highlighted by a circular glow of light. A fat, unkempt, man in an over-sized yellow trench coat slurps on a cigar as he starts shambling his way towards the stone walkway that leads to my sanctuary. There is no doubt, from any of my senses, that the man is disgusting; I can smell him from my resting place. His coat though, his coat is\u8230? amazing! Almost supernaturally shiny, the coat seems to shift and morph all over his body in an indescribable way. Just looking at it hurts a little as the solid trench coat flows like a thick liquid around this repulsive man. It subtly shifts over his body as it changes shape while, at the same time, remaining all trenchcoat.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 He doesn\u8217't really walk, he sort of shuffles in a stiff leg waddle, grunting a little with each punctuated step. To walk, it seems that he jumps from leg to leg as if his knees just learned the secret the rest of his body learned years ago, there\u8217's no second breakfast in San Francisco. As he approaches my door, and I\u8217'm awake this whole time, not exactly watching but not not watching either, I can taste this stink on the air. It\u8217's unfamiliar and tangy, hard and musty.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 It always seems longer than it actually is: that wait. That time between when your brain says \u8220"Oh shit! What the fuck is that?\u8221" and when it realizes \u8220"Oh, it\u8217's just that thing\u8221" can stretch out into eternity if you let it. You can live in that moment as long as you want if you hit it just right. If you focus on the correct things and feel the correct emotions in the correct order at just the right time you can probably stay in that blissful ignorance for as long as you want. After the story starts but before the monsters come in is probably the best time to be alive.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Chapter 1\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Doris stood by the endless pier while she watched the gulls scream across the coastline. The fine ocean mist tickled her face and she wondered idly, when Charles would return. He had been gone three weeks by this point and if this relationship was going to work then he would damn well have to be a part of it! She told herself that this would be the last weekend she would wait and if he wanted to get serious before then, well that would be fine with her. Besides, she wasn\u8217't getting any younger and when was the last time Charles took her out anyway? I mean really took her out? Having convinced herself correct, Doris again focused on the seagulls.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 She stayed like that for a time, standing and waiting, wishing and watching the seagulls, hoping that she had the courage to do what needed to be done. To do what she came here to do. She steeled her breath and turned on her heel as she briskly walked back down the pier towards the angry place. Outside her destination a large three dimensional in your face clown facade greeted her for what felt like the thousandth time. Laughing in her face, the giant clown mouth gobbled up the storefront while the happy dead eyes stared out across the ocean. The boardwalk music rung distant in the background as Doris drowned out everything around her. She had to focus. A shrill ringing began low in the back of her head but she ignored it and continued forward through the clown\u8217's mouth and into the store.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 This was it. This was the angry place. The place that couldn\u8217't be allowed anymore. Unacceptable! Indecent! It can\u8217't be allowed to continue. It will not! I\u8217'll stop it. Doris regained her composure as she reached into her purse. Brushing against the cold steel of the .38 was reassuring in a way the seagulls could never be and she was glad she decided to bring it along. This fucking clown won\u8217't be laughing much longer that\u8217's for sure.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Chapter 2\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 The storefront was a maw. The painted wood and cheap plastic made walking into the store more like being swallowed whole. The shrill ringing in Doris\u8217' head had upgraded to a steady throbbing. The raw pressure behind her eyes, the noise of the machine and the smell of 6-year-old stale popcorn all assaulted her good conscience. The forced joy of the carnival coupled with the sickly sweet spring of artificial cotton candy aroma grated like sandpaper on bone.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 The penultimate angry place: The location where happiness comes to die, that\u8217's where she was. Here, innocence sours and curdles. The fat, sweat-stained man, wearing a paper hat and a sloppy asymmetric grin leaned behind the counter as he picked idly at a sore on his arm. He watched from the inside as she allowed herself to be swallowed whole by the entrance and farted as she approached.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 The hot steel of her revolver was the only thing keeping her physically anchored now. Knuckles white on her purse strap. {\i Unacceptable. Indecent. Disallowed.} Thoughts hammered in her head like a waterfall of bad times, the mechanical {\i ding} in the background of the games seeming to punctuate her grief at regular intervals. She allowed herself a moment to live in the aftermath, to experience the dead silence. Aside from the gulls and the ocean spray, it sounded like bliss.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Stopping in front of the counter, directly in front of the man, the smell hit her all at once, which woke her up a little. As he looks up from his scab she opens her purse and fondles the gun. By the time she grips it and extends her arm, the slow deliberate actions of a person full of resolve, the moment is almost here. She lives here between the shot and the consequence, but it\u8217's always too fleeting. As her finger makes the pilgrimage from resting position to fired and the time runs out of the room, the echo of the blast acts as her alarm. It\u8217's done, she\u8217's awake again: The back of that disgusting cigar-slurper\u8217's head was, all of a sudden, all over the back wall in many discrete pieces.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 And she walked. The clown vomited.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Chapter 3\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"I ain\u8217't never seen one of them faggots get it,\u8221" Don yelled as he raced down the highway in a cherry red convertible, over the roar of the wind.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"Yeah, but what about\u8230?\u8221", started Alice\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"Fuckallaaathat,\u8221" Don interrupted. \u8220"What we gotta do is\u8230?\u8221" and right at that moment Don whipped his head around to look in the backseat and Alice entered the between time. Having just looked up she saw the boulder. She saw, in a split second, the advanced state of the rockslide as it fell down the mountain, unnoticed until just this millisecond. She lived just long enough to have a single thought. But what a thought.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Chapter 4\par}
