{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Characters\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab The poem\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li1080 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Infinite in length: it never ends.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li1080 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Hypnotizes humans when they hear it recited.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li1080 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Self-similar and fractal: Similar pieces are strung together in a supernatural, recursive, infinite pattern that is incomprehensible to the demon.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li1080 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Acts as a general directive to the demon\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li1080 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Mystical sentences that seem to be nonsense make sense in multiple historical contexts. This is part of the supernatural aspect as it seems to predict the future in a way that prevents anyone from actually extracting useful information from it, including the demon.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li1080 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab The demon interprets them as instructions.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li1080 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Once he\u8217's decided that his interpretation of the cryptic directive is fact, he focuses on nothing else. He is quite smart and wily.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab the demon\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li1080 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Mentally unwell\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li1080 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Always \u8220"the demon\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li1080 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Consistently almost always on-the-edge panicked, but never shows to the outside world.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li1080 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Fierce, decisive, and direct to a fault\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li1080 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Ultimately desperate. Knows his \u8220"time\u8221" is limited.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li1080 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab \u8220"strong\u8221", but actually weak\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li1080 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Doesn\u8217't invent sin, just uses it as a force multiplier\sa180\sa180\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Prologue\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Historical Figure: Satan\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Narrative: The adversary gives the demon a magical poem and casts the demon into spacetime. the demon exists outside of time and space as a formless mass. Satan and the demon are \u8220"the same\u8221" but different. They must \u8220"separate\u8221" in order to accomplish a task within spacetime. Satan and the demon are communicating somehow. Everything is vague and in the wrong tense. The unnamed blob remains outside of spacetime and formless, while the demon takes form and enters spacetime. Satan \u8220"casts out\u8221" the demon into spacetime, much like skipping a flat stone on the surface of a pond. Satan \u8220"gives\u8221" a mystical poem to the demon. The whole process is similar to mollusks budding or a drop of oil separating from another. Reverse coalescence. Like a video of two water droplets coming together, but in reverse.\sa180\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Chapter 1\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Historical Figure: The caveman om (c. 30,000 bce)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Narrative: the demon, after chilling for a couple of billion years, decides to kill itself. Before he does, he observes the caveman called \u8216'om\u8217' waste resources to cultivate a beautiful flower. Others around him are struggling to survive their brutal existence and he is just doing everything he can to make this pretty flower grow. The demon, seeing this, gifts om with ambition and decides to give it a couple of thousand more years to see what happens. This event eventually ends up kicking off the agricultural revolution and the rise of human civilization. Om eventually dies and the demon decides to carry on his work disguised as \u8220"different om\u8217's\u8221" throughout history, partially as a tribute to om and his wacky garden, and partially to inflict a more direct pressure on humanity. This is the switch that turns him from disinterested in humanity to interested. The demon doesn\u8217't invent any of the deadly sins, he just uses them as a force multiplier to really crank up the consequences of extreme action to a civilization level.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Chapter 2: The Dawn of Agriculture and the Birth of Gluttony\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Historical Figure: om\u8217's great-grandson (29,900 bce)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Narrative:\u160? As om\u8217's great-grandson, the demon easily becomes an influential leader in his Neolithic community. The demon, in this guise, introduces advanced agricultural techniques, leading to abundance. This abundance, however, also leads to gluttony, altering the community's relationship with food and consumption.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Chapter 3: The Age of Empires and Pride\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Historical Figure: Imhotep (late 27th century BC)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Narrative: In this role, the demon inspires monumental architecture and the expansion of empires, fostering a sense of pride that often crosses into hubris and the downfall of great civilizations.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Chapter 4: The Foundation of Religions and Envy\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Historical Figure: Confucius (c.\u8201?551 \u8211- c.\u8201?479 BCE).\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Narrative: Here, the demon influences the foundation of a major religion. While this brings people together, it also inadvertently seeds envy among different factions and sects, leading to conflicts and schisms.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Chapter 5: The Era of Conquests and Wrath\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Historical Figure: Alexander the Great (July 356 BC \u8211- 11 June 323 BC)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Narrative: The demon, as a great conqueror, spreads influence through military might, but this also leads to widespread wrath and violence, showing the destructive side of ambition and power.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Chapter 6: The Rise of Currency and Greed\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Historical Figure: Mansa Musa (c.\u8201?1312 \u8211- c.\u8201?1337).\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Narrative: As this figure, the demon promotes the use of currency, revolutionizing trade, and economy. However, this innovation also sows the seeds of greed, as people begin to equate wealth with power and success.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Chapter 7: The Renaissance and Lust\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Historical Figure: Leonardo Da Vinci (15 April 1452 \u8211- 2 May 1519).\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Narrative: As a patron or creator of art during the Renaissance, the demon encourages the celebration of human form and passion, which inadvertently contributes to an era where lust and desire begin to overshadow more spiritual pursuits. Demon tries to be \u8220"good\u8221" but ultimately fails.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Chapter 8: The Industrial Revolution and Sloth\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Historical Figure: Henry Ford (July 30, 1863 \u8211- April 7, 1947).\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Narrative: The demon, as a key figure in the Industrial Revolution, ushers in technological advancements that greatly improve efficiency and productivity. However, this also leads to an unexpected consequence: a culture of sloth, where mechanization starts to erode the value of human labor and effort. As a result the holocaust happens.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Chapter 9: The Modern World and the Culmination of Sin\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Historical Figure: Robin Williams (July 21, 1951 \u8211- August 11, 2014).\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Narrative: In the present day, the demon reflects on how each of these advancements, while contributing to human progress, has also led to the manifestation of deadly sins. This chapter ties together the previous stories, showing the interconnectedness of these developments and their consequences.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Chapter 10: The death of the demon\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Historical Figure: The net-runner champion Moe-Moe (HgF 23 2555 \u8211- LiK 888 2999).\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Narrative: The culmination of the thousands of years of waiting. The demon is frustrated and desperate. Even though its works have echoed throughout humanity\u8217's history things have never been better for them! Grasping for the last traps of desperation and exerting any control possible, the demon self-terminates. It dies frustrated inside without ever learning the \u8220"Truth\u8221". After billions of years this was the straw that broke his back.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Chapter 11: The Cosmic Revelation\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Historical Figure: Almighty gawd (\u945? \u8211- \u937?).\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Narrative: The twist reveals the true origin of the demon's directive\u8212-the Lovecraftian deity known as \u8220"gawd\u8221". This revelation puts the entire course of human history in a new perspective, highlighting the insignificance of human morality in the face of the being\u8217's incomprehensible cosmic benevolence.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Chapter 12: The Cosmicer Revelation\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Historical Figure: A mental patient in an asylum (1986 \u8211- 2023)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Narrative: It is revealed that the demon is actually a mentally ill human being living their life trapped in a mental institution. Its ambiguous if the patient is actually mentally ill or coping with imprisonment.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Chapter 13:\u160? The Cosmicist Revelation\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Historical Figure: Erf (14.8 billion BCE \u8211- Today)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Narrative: \u8220"everyone\u8221" is a \u8220"demon\u8221" \u8220"controlled\u8221" by gawd. gawd exists and this is his method of controlling people. The intersection of gawd\u8217's power and spacetime becomes the slice of reality it wants you to see in order to make you do specific things. gawd \u8220"tricks\u8221" you into doing its bidding in the same way a parent tricks their child into learning.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Epilogue: Is the reader a part of the book?\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Historical Figure: The Universe (Infinite)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Narrative: gawd is not so benevolent. Some other entity is doing to gawd what he is doing to us, and so on and so on in a great recursive, universal web. Just like the human, gawd itself is being played by some other even more incomprehensible entity.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Don\u8217't They Know I\u8217'm Him?\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 By Sean Evans\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs36 Prologue\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 the demon\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 I'm him.\u160?I\u8217've been him.\u160?I will continue to be him.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 In the time before time, the great mass of emulsified chaos congeals. the demon exists in a formless miasma as it rests before the emergence of spacetime. It was lonely but it wasn\u8217't alone. From deep within itself, a message arises:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\i {\b Go, bring disorder; Take this boon.}}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 The great blob, budding off a significant piece of itself like some kind of fucked up mollusk, then casts the demon out into the beginning of spacetime. A couple of billion years pass as we zoom in to a specific arm of a certain spiral galaxy close into a speck of rusty iron dust that is very slowly revolving around a tiny point of light. the demon has made his home, and he lives quite fruitfully. Like a vampire who feeds on order, he takes every opportunity to sow disharmony and reap chaos. Like flotsam, it drifts.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Recently, neoliths have gone to taking to caves as residences. This jaunt of intelligence is not unnoticed by the demon, but, at least initially, it\u8217's far beneath the threshold of reaction. The flow that had been gifted by the blob seemed to be a special set of instructions. It looked just like a missive directive. A {\i fait accompli}. What else could it be?\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Convinced the mystical infinite poem is directing his actions, it uses the flow as its primary tool to sow chaos. Reciting it holds animals in place and it imbues a deep, sleep-like hypnosis, in which the demon gains total control over any living being for a limited time. Running entire herds of buffalo off cliffs was a fun pastime for a couple of hundred years.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs36 Chapter 1\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 om\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 I {\i need} more {\i Sequoia} Banshee Boogers!\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 om sat transfixed at the beautiful flower while a light rain pittered across his large, protruding forehead. Never, in his entire life, had he seen anything like this flower. He couldn\u8217't possibly put its beauty into any kind of language. A delicate purple from one angle, a brilliant gold from another, the freshly bloomed flower was ravenously beautiful. It was an assault of beauty.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 The decaying carcass om was dragging wasn\u8217't nearly as beautiful, but om seemed not to mind. The flower was everything now. It was the only thing ever. What had he even been doing before this? Did it matter? It was beautiful. om thought it even sounded nice. The small drops of water softly slapping against the delicate petals was like music to the deaf. There was a soft hum that seemed to emanate from the roots of the plant.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 As he studied the amazing flora in more detail, om saw more and more intricacies within the complex structures of its silken petals. It was amazing. How could something this small be so precise? There were tiny dark specks arrayed in a convoluted pattern that was simply incomprehensible. He couldn\u8217't believe the sweet smells that assailed him either! This alien perfume was coming directly from the plant\u8217's interior, and it seemed almost visible, as dust projecting a haze, into the muted morning light. om couldn\u8217't look away. He was fascinated.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 om never made it back to his shelter that day. Instead, he sat right there, next to his flower, in the thin drizzle, and enjoyed the carcass he had been dragging raw. As he ate, he stared through the flower. He gaped at its petals and its stem. He was agog with each leaf. He carefully noted each individual joint where the stem split. He stared straight through the plant into its fleshy interior. om sniffed it so often while he ate that the taste of rotten flesh, which was already a non-concern, was somehow even further removed from consideration. His fascination had quickly turned to obsession.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 After a week planted next to the amazing flower, he becomes ultra-protective of the flower. Not that anyone comes near him, but he cleared space around the orchid, like an altar, and he started to build what looks like a rudimentary earthen hut around the flower. The rotten carcass, long eaten, would be mana right now. He must go off and scavenge or he won\u8217't be able to protect the flower. For the first time in a week om goes off to scavenge so he doesn\u8217't die.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Around day 3 of om\u8217's flower vigil, the demon, fresh off killing a large group of deer with deer aids, happened to stumble across om\u8217's semi-permanent structure. What is that? Isn\u8217't that a flower? A common orchid? What is that monkey doing? He, too, became obsessed; billions of years ago now, but obsession doesn\u8217't have a statute of limitations. From the shadows, he watched om care for this ordinary, plain plant. Sacrificing everything that would otherwise keep him alive to make sure this insignificant plant can thrive.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs36 \line Chapter 2\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Gluttonous Farming\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 I\u8217'm a dog. I\u8217'm bitin' the fart bubbles in the bath.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 This is a test\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs36 \line Chapter 3\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Prideful Empires\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Movin' like Dracula, we get it back in blood. You see it? I really did this. I'm really him. Flipped a whole brick into an empire.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Test test this is a test.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs36 Chapter 4\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Religious Envy\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 You think I care about this shit? Ask me if I care about this shit 'cause I don't give a shit. If I had a dollar for every time they said I gave a shit, I'd be broke 'cause I don't give a shit.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Test\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs36 Chapter 5\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Conquests and Wrath\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Ops wanted some initiative, blew up their entire quadrant. I'm movin' like Oppenheimer. She dropped that ass on me from an egregarious angle.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Test\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs36 Chapter 6\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Currency and Greed\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 You can't trust me. I don't even trust myself. I don't know who I am anymore. I'm getting too much money.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 I was flippin' bricks for Mansa Musa before y'all even became a type one civilization.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Test\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs36 Chapter 7 \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Renaissance and Lust\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Call that pussy The Matrix 'cause I\u8217'm in this bitch and I can\u8217't get out.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Test\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs36 Chapter 8\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Industrial Revolution and Sloth\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 We smokin' symbiote. Smokin' that Whoopi Goldberg, South Egyptian, fur burger deluxe, Mega Millions scratcher, skunk bubba kush. We smokin' dung beetle. I\u8217'm on 12 Vicodins, smokin' on Scooby-Doo dick.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Test\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs36 Chapter 9\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Consequences\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 I left my Margiela\u8217's in the Benz trunk. I\u8217'll have to stunt on them next time. I don\u8217't give a fuck if I go blind. I don\u8217't need to see the price tag anyway.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Test\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs36 Chapter 10\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Death\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 You ain't seen ten bands in your life, jit! Reach for my neck, you'll get turned into an example.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Test\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs36 Chapter 11\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 gawd\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 I had to cast a spell on that motherfucker. I got strands of RNA in my hookah. Every puff is an insult to God.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 this is a test\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs36 Chapter 12\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Mental Illness\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 I'm Dracula. I'm 12 million years old. When I hit it from behind, the room smells like absolute Meechee. They said I wouldn't shit on them. I spread my cheeks and hit 'em with an absolute screamer.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Test\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs36 Chapter 13\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 The demons\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 They forgot I'm him. I'm him-ulation. I am Him Kardashian, Himbuktu, Himon and Pumbaa. I got my DNA test back, turns out I'm a hundred percent Himalayan.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Test\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs36 Epilogue\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 The Universe\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 This shit ain't nothin' to me, man.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Test\par}
