{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"You know what my problem is?\u8221" Elias Vance said as he pitched a card across the table to Adrian Cross. \u8220"I never get to be specific.\u8221" Adrian peeled one corner of his hand and frowned at it with professionally managed disappointment.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"That is not your problem.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"It is absolutely my problem.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"No,\u8221" Adrian said, constructing a skyscraper of red chips, \u8220"Your problem is that you still think you\u8217're a lead.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Ethan Vale laughed too hard as he leaned back and rubbed his face \u8220"Jesus.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Across from him, Nolan Hayes had a stillness some mistook for modesty. In his case it was mostly fatigue.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"He\u8217's right, though,\u8221" Nolan said. \u8220"Specificity is expensive. You only get that if somebody important loves you.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Marcus Reed glanced at his cards, folded immediately, and sat back with the posture of a man waiting to be debriefed. \u8220"Or if the writer had a father he\u8217's trying to forgive.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Caleb Stone grinned. \u8220"That\u8217's good.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"It\u8217's true!\u8221" Marcus said. \u8220"Nobody writes us from life. They write us from the leftovers. We\u8217're the turkey sandwich after Thanksgiving.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Elias sighed and tossed in two chips. \u8220"There. That. That\u8217's what I mean. I never get that texture. I get the broad-strokes only. \u8216'Capable but haunted.\u8217' Haunted by what? Name one thing. Give me a county. Give me a vocational certificate. Give me an ex-wife with a weird hobby. I would kill for a weird hobby.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"You don\u8217't want a hobby,\u8221" Adrian said. \u8220"A hobby is death.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"How is a hobby death?\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"They give hobbies to men they don\u8217't intend to develop. Woodworking, fly tying, restoring old watches. It\u8217's set dressing for the illusion of interiority.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Caleb pointed at him. \u8220"Interiority. Listen to this bastard.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Adrian ignored him. \u8220"A real lead gets contradiction. We don\u8217't get shit.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Ethan tossed in chips with unnecessary flourish. \u8220"I had contradiction once.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"No you didn\u8217't,\u8221" said Nolan.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"I absolutely did.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"You had a voice-over.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"That is a kind of contradiction.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"No,\u8221" Adrian said. \u8220"it\u8217's not.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Ethan stared at him. \u8220"You really are unpleasant.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Adrian just grunted.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 The flop came down. Nobody cared.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Elias looked at the cards like they might offer grounds for appeal. \u8220"You know what I\u8217'm tired of? Airports.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 A murmur of agreement moved around the table.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"Always the airport,\u8221" said Marcus.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"Always walking with purpose,\u8221" Nolan added.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"Always no destination,\u8221" said Caleb. \u8220"Just concourse B to fuck-all.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Ethan sat forward, pointing with two fingers like he was trying to land an important monologue. \u8220"Exactly. Exactly. They give you your own story for ten beautiful minutes and where does it happen? Airport terminal. Rental car shuttle. Anonymous hotel bar. Places designed to imply transition because nobody intends for you to arrive.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"There\u8217's a sex joke in there somewhere,\u8221" Elias said quietly.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"Thank you.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Adrian rolled his eyes. \u8220"It\u8217's funny because it\u8217's true. They keep us in non-places. Transitional architecture for transitional characters.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Nolan drummed two fingers against his chip stack. \u8220"It\u8217's containment.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Everyone looked at him.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 He shrugged. \u8220"You put a generic man in a specific place, people start asking questions. Why\u8217's he here? What does he know? Why does he move like that? But put him in an airport, a garage, a motel corridor, an overpass in the rain, and nobody asks for dick. The setting does the work. He becomes plausible by proximity.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Marcus nodded once. \u8220"You\u8217're saying location launders character?\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"That\u8217's exactly what it is,\u8221" Adrian said. \u8220"We are carriers for \u8216'the mood\u8217'.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 No one spoke for a moment after that. A few chips changed hands. Somewhere in the house, ice clinked in a glass. The ceiling fan continued its oblong orbit. A dog sneezed.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Then Caleb, who had been smiling with the patient warmth of a man about to ruin someone\u8217's evening, said, \u8220"I got killed in a grain elevator once.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Everyone turned.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"You what?\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"Grain elevator,\u8221" Caleb repeated. \u8220"Nebraska, maybe. Could\u8217've been Kansas. Script didn\u8217't care. I had my own thing going for nearly twenty minutes. Estranged brother, local rumors, little bit of charm, hint of alcoholism but not the ugly kind. Just enough to make me \u8216'misunderstood\u8217'. Then, bang! Grain dust, muzzle flash, down I go. Never even found out if I was dirty.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Elias pointed at him accusingly. \u8220"Exactly. That\u8217's exactly the kind of role I wanted.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"No, you don\u8217't,\u8221" Caleb said. \u8220"That\u8217's the worst of both worlds. Too much attention to disappear, not enough to survive.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Marcus lifted a finger. \u8220"I had pulp once.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 They all went quiet.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"Paperback pulp or prestige pretending to be pulp?\u8221" Adrian asked.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"Paperback paperback,\u8221" Marcus said. \u8220"Real stuff. Desert town. Missing girls. Corrupt sheriff. I played a mechanic with a gambling problem and a war record the script kept circling like it was scared to touch. For six pages I thought, finally, this is it. This is where I become somebody.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"What happened?\u8221" Someone asked.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Marcus stared at the felt. \u8220"Fuckin chapter nineteen happened! Turned out the whole book was really about a drifter who may or may not have been an angel.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"Oof, that\u8217's brutal,\u8221" Nolan said.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"Yeah, well.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"You got angel-jacked.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"I got fuckin\u8217' angel-jacked.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Ethan leaned back, shaking his head in sincere grief. \u8220"No recovering from that.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Adrian tapped the table twice for the dealer that wasn\u8217't there. \u8220"At least pulp lets you sweat. I\u8217'd take sweat. I\u8217'd take one frayed motel towel and an actual honest-to-god vice.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"You don\u8217't have a vice?\u8221" Caleb asked.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"Eh, only ambiguities.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"That\u8217's not vice.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"It is if it ruins your life.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Elias finally looked down at his own hand again. \u8220"I got one episode once where they hinted I painted.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Nolan looked up. \u8220"Painted what?\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"Never said.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Caleb squinted. \u8220"Seriously?\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"Dead serious. There was a line. Somebody asked why I had turpentine on my sleeve. I said:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8216'Old habit.\u8217'\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 That was it.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"That\u8217's incredible,\u8221" Ethan said reverently. \u8220"That is the cruelest thing I\u8217've ever heard.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"I know.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"Turpentine on the sleeve is loads better than anything I\u8217've ever gotten.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Marcus considered. \u8220"It at least implies a room somewhere.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"Yes,\u8221" Elias said, with the bitterness of a man discussing a dead child. \u8220"A room. Maybe with light. Maybe with unfinished canvases. Maybe with one painting turned to the wall. We\u8217'll never know.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Adrian pinched the bridge of his nose. \u8220"This is how they keep us docile you know? Fragments.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Nolan nodded. \u8220"Just enough off-screen life that the audience does the labor for free.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Caleb tossed in a call and smiled at nobody. \u8220"Boys ever notice we only get names like ours when they want to suggest seriousness without risking anything else?\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"That\u8217's the whole game,\u8221" Adrian said. \u8220"Elias Vance. Adrian Cross. Nolan Hayes. Ethan Vale. Marcus Reed. Caleb Stone. We sound like six options in a dropdown menu labeled \u8216'male, 35 to 48.\u8217'\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"Forty-nine,\u8221" Marcus muttered.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"No chance,\u8221" said Adrian. \u8220"They will never let you be forty-nine. Forty-nine has history. You\u8217're forty-six in a hard way or thirty-eight in a tired way.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Ethan pointed across the table. \u8220"That\u8217's true. They age us by adjective, not number.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Nolan laughed at that, softly. \u8220"That\u8217's true.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 For the first time all night, they laughed together for a second, but it floated like a lump over the table.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Then Elias said, \u8220"You know what I really want?\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Silence.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"I want to be in a story where I am allowed to be bad at something.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 He went on. \u8220"Not broken. Not haunted. Not secretly brilliant under pressure. Just bad. I want to fumble with a radiator. I want to lose at chess to a child. I want to burn dinner and pretend it was intentional. I want one scene where somebody says, \u8216'Elias, you are a strange little man,\u8217' but they mean it with love.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Caleb looked at him with surprising tenderness. \u8220"That\u8217's strong.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Marcus nodded and agreed. \u8220"That\u8217's real strong.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Adrian\u8217's face shifted almost imperceptibly, which for him was practically weeping. \u8220"Competence can be a prison.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Ethan gestured broadly with both hands. \u8220"Yes.\u8221" he continued. \u8220"We\u8217're all competence and weather damage. No wonder nobody finishes our stories. There\u8217's nowhere to go. We enter the frame 82 percent complete.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Nolan took a sip from his drink. \u8220"That\u8217's why they abandon us in airports.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Outside, a car passed through the wet streetlight glow beyond the curtained window. Nobody looked. It was not that kind of story.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Finally, Caleb said, \u8220"I had a daughter once.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Five heads snapped toward him.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"You did not,\u8221" Adrian said.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"I did for thirteen pages.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Ethan was already laughing. \u8220"No.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"Swear to God. She drew horses. There was a box in the garage. I found it while looking for a lug wrench or some such crap. Real nice scene. Quiet. Human. Thought I was about to become a person.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Marcus leaned in. \u8220"What happened to her?\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"They cut her in rewrites.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 A silence fell so total it nearly counted as prayer.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"That,\u8221" said Nolan, \u8220"is the saddest sentence ever spoken.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Caleb nodded. \u8220"Producer said she made me too sympathetic.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Adrian sat back in disgust. \u8220"Of course. Can\u8217't have that. Then the audience might start tracking your emotional arc.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Elias looked sick. \u8220"A daughter who drew horses.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"Yep.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"Jesus.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"I know.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Ethan ran both hands through his hair. \u8220"This whole business is evil.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"Wrose,\u8221" Adrian said. \u8220"It\u8217's lazy.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 The turn card landed. Marcus, who had folded twenty minutes ago, stared at it as if it had personally failed him.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"What would your stories actually be?\u8221" Nolan asked.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 That changed the air.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Not because it was a grand question, but because it was too sincere. Men like them were used to speaking in diagnosis, not desire.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Of course Ethan recovered first.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"Mine?\u8221" He sat up. \u8220"Small coastal town. Off-season. I run a failing movie theater inherited from an uncle I never respected enough when he was alive. I tell everyone I\u8217'm staying only until probate clears, but I start restoring the place. There\u8217's mold, debt, a broken marquee, and I slowly become a pillar of a community I was too self-important to value in my thirties.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Caleb pointed at him. \u8220"That\u8217's pretty good.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Marcus said, \u8220"Who\u8217's the woman?\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"There doesn\u8217't have to be a woman.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"There\u8217's a woman.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Ethan hesitated. \u8220"Local journalist.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Adrian smirked. \u8220"Of course.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"She\u8217's tired,\u8221" Ethan continued. \u8220"Sharper than me. Not impressed. Divorced, maybe.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"Of course,\u8221" Adrian said again.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"But,\u8221" Ethan said, lifting a finger, \u8220"the important thing is the theater matters as much as the romance.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Nolan nodded. \u8220"That\u8217's not bad.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Elias said, \u8220"I\u8217'd watch that.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Adrian exhaled through his nose. \u8220"Mine is not for mass consumption.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"God help us,\u8221" Caleb said.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Adrian ignored him. \u8220"Mine is about municipal corruption.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Everyone groaned.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"No, listen. Small city. Procurement office. I am not a cop, not a prosecutor, not a former operative. I\u8217'm a deputy comptroller. I discover a pattern in waste management contracts and realize half the city\u8217's patronage machine runs through one family-owned hauling company. No guns. No car chases. Just paper, pressure, and the gradual realization that every decent person I know has made peace with filth.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 There was a pause.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Marcus slowly nodded. \u8220"Yeah, that\u8217's\u8230?, wow.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Nolan agreed.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Caleb squinted. \u8220"Would there still be a scene in a parking garage?\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"Of course.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"Then you\u8217're still sick.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Elias looked down at his cards, then set them face down. \u8220"Mine\u8217's about painting.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"Forty-two. Divorced a long time ago. Lives above a hardware store in a river town no one has heard of. Teaches art to three retirees and one difficult twelve-year-old. Was almost something once, maybe, but it doesn\u8217't matter. Story starts after the disappointment. That\u8217's the point. Nothing is circling some old glory. It\u8217's just about whether he can make one honest thing before he dies.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Nobody made fun of him.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Even Adrian did not make fun of him.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Marcus broke the silence. \u8220"That\u8217's the best one so far.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Ethan nodded. \u8220"Yeah.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Caleb said, \u8220"The twelve-year-old steals every scene.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"He has to,\u8221" Elias replied.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Nolan glanced at each of them in turn, then said, \u8220"Mine\u8217's simpler. I want a hardware store.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 They blinked. \u8220"A hardware store?\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"Yeah.\u8221" He shrugged. \u8220"Open at six. Coffee always terrible. Regulars with ongoing nonsense. I know where everything is. Storm coming, everybody needs weird little parts they can\u8217't identify. We solve it together. Maybe my brother owes taxes. Maybe the roof needs fixing. Maybe I sponsor a girls softball team and take it too seriously. That\u8217's enough.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Marcus leaned back and smiled for the first time. \u8220"That\u8217's more than enough.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Caleb lifted his glass. \u8220"To the hardware store.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 They all lifted something to that.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Marcus looked down at the table. \u8220"How about a mechanic?\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"You were a mechanic,\u8221" Ethan said.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"No. I was mechanic-shaped. That\u8217's different. I want the real one. Shop outside Tucson, maybe. Or Ohio. Somewhere unglamorous on purpose. Men bring me sounds they can\u8217't understand in old engines and I know what they mean only because I\u8217've listened a long time.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 No one spoke for a moment.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Then Adrian said, very quietly, \u8220"That\u8217's good.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Marcus nodded once. \u8220"Thanks.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 All eyes turned to Caleb Stone.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 He smiled his infuriatingly trustworthy smile and spread his hands. \u8220"I already had mine.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"The daughter with the horses?\u8221" Elias asked.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"No.\u8221" Caleb leaned back. \u8220"Mine\u8217's a campground.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 They waited.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"I own it. Nothing fancy. Cabins, fishing pond, busted vending machine. I\u8217'm a widower, but not fresh. We\u8217're not milking it. It happened years ago. I\u8217'm raising a nephew who lies a lot but in a creative way. Every week some strange little problem comes through. Lost dog, flooded trail, church retreat feud, raccoon in the laundry room, teenager discovers poetry, old man cheats at cribbage. That sort of thing.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Ethan stared. \u8220"That\u8217's insanely good.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"I know,\u8221" Caleb said.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"The nephew is great,\u8221" Marcus said.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"The nephew is incredible,\u8221" Nolan agreed.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Adrian looked almost offended and Caleb\u8217's grin widened.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 They played a few hands in thoughtful silence after that, then Ethan, unable to leave sincerity unpunctured for too long, said, \u8220"You know they\u8217'd still put one of us in an airport.\u8221"\par}
