{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs36 Chapter 1\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 The first time it happened, Major Jeff Fischer was sure he was dead. At one-hundred-twenty-five thousand feet the sky transitions to a deep, bruised purple, giving way to an unforgiving black. At mach ten the air is less like a gas and more like a scorching concrete wall continuously pummeling anything you were stupid enough to get going that fast.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Breathing in a measured, shallow rhythm the major\u8217's pressure suit hummed, a mechanical heartbeat keeping the meat alive against the titanium. Surrounded by a jacket of superheated plasma, throttle gates wide open, the scramjet behind him screaming like a wounded continent continued to accelerate the craft. As the mach counter continued to creep up past 10.48 a small shudder ran through the cockpit. It wasn\u8217't the heavy grinding vibration that indicates you were already dead, but something else. It was more of a tremor than a vibration and to Major Fischer it felt uncannily like a heartbeat.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Jeff Fischer had first met the YFA-67X, codename Freyja, when it was still just a design proposal with a tentative budget attached. It was a highly classified single-stage-to-orbit reconnaissance spacecraft that didn\u8217't exist. Not in the way airplanes, even secret ones, didn\u8217't exist, with squadrons and tail numbers and bored crew chiefs smoking bad cigars behind old hangars. It didn\u8217't exist in the same way a bad sandwich at the back of the lazy man\u8217's refrigerator doesn\u8217't exist.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 He\u8217'd been ferried into Groom Lake before dawn, windows blacked out, paperwork stamped with names of programs that were themselves stamped out. The hangar they brought him to had no markings. The people inside wore no rank, but every one of them stood like they had popped out of their mothers in their class A\u8217's.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 The craft itself was a rounded wedge of titanium-aluminide and carbon-carbon-carbon composites, designed to bounce along the upper edges of the atmosphere before punching its way into low Earth orbit. It was less of an airplane and more of a manned hypersonic projectile. As it sat on jacks in the middle of the small hangar the Major thought It looked more like an engineer\u8217's fever dream than something he should be testing, but the simulations show it worked.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"The surfaces aren\u8217't traditional,\u8221" the lead engineer had said on the first day. Her badge said only KIM. \u8220"No ailerons. No flaps. No rudder. Think of it as\u8230? a continuous skin with distributed articulation.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Jeff nodded. Nodding was really the only sane response when someone tells you the aircraft you\u8217're about to fly moves like a cuttlefish.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"And the control law?\u8221" he\u8217'd asked.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Kim\u8217's mouth had done a half-smile that her eyes didn\u8217't mirror. She\u8217'd called it GAIL: General Adaptive Interface Layer. It didn\u8217't talk like a copilot. It didn\u8217't banter or cajole or recite checklists. It existed down in the skin of the craft, reading pressures and temperatures and the knifing, invisible architecture of shock around the airframe. It moved the distributed surfaces in ways no human could coordinate, like thousands of fingers on a piano, playing a song that was always changing while the instrument was on fire.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Jeff\u8217's job, officially, was to provide the judgment calls at the edges: mission decisions, abort calls, the kind of human veto no algorithm could legally be trusted with. Unofficially, he was there because the last time they\u8217'd let GAIL fly without a warm body, someone up the chain had lost enough political clout that it was decided that a heartbeat should remain in the loop.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Jeff could live with that. Pilots had always been the ceremonial blade tip. Project Daedalus was a go.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs36 Chapter 2\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 The tremor passed.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Jeff held his breath without realizing he\u8217'd done it, waiting for the next sensation to declare itself as either survivable or terminal. The Mach counter hovered at 10.43. Outside, the plasma sheath clawed along the canopy in thin, branching fingers of orange and white. The sound inside the cockpit was not a roar but a dense, continuous pressure, like standing too close to a waterfall made of knives.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \u8220"GAIL,\u8221" he said, his voice dry in his helmet. \u8220"Status.\u8221"\par}
